docs: warn that preparation is not thread-safe (#801)
JuliaDiff/DifferentiationInterface.jl: DifferentiationInterface/docs/src/explanation/operators.md

!!! warning
    The `prep` object is the last argument before `backend` and it is always mutated, regardless of the bang `!` in the operator name.

>     As a consequence preparation is **not thread safe** and  sharing  `prep` object between threads may lead to undefined behavior.   If you need to run differentiation concurrently, prepare separate `prep` objects for each thread.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    As a consequence, preparation is **not thread-safe** and  sharing `prep` objects between threads may lead to unexpected behavior. If you need to run differentiation concurrently, prepare separate `prep` objects for each thread.
```
